Verify `DEFAULT_JVM_OPTS` in start scripts (#1195)
GradleUp/shadow: src/docs/application-plugin/README.md

application {
  mainClass = 'myapp.Main'

>   // Optionally, you can add extra JVM arguments to the start scripts.

Author: ```suggestion
  // Optionally, you can add default JVM arguments to the start scripts like this:
```
